this wasn't just a message to Israel it
was a message to Joe Biden use the US's
leverage to stop the bombardment of
Gaza he's not going to get reelected if
he doesn't hear the people we're out in
the streets by the thousands and he just
chooses to ignore that we actually exist
listen to your fire now stop ignoring
your constituents listen to reason the
nickname for Biden right now is genocide
Joe he has shown this time around which
is a bit different is a complete and
utter disregard for the value of human
life for the protesters this White House
is directly responsible for the deaths
of so many
Palestinians it's been reported that the
Biden presidential campaign isn't that
concerned it's betting that by next
November's election this anger will have
been replaced by fear of another Trump
presidency but those here say they will
not
[Music]
forget Trump wanted to deport us and
Biden is killing us so that Fear Factor
no longer works the fear-mongering um of
oppressed communities no longer works on
us
anymore a message that apparently hasn't
got through yet to this White House
sheab brany Al jaer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer